ng doc component: load the documentation for component
ng --help: loads the help for ng
ng serve --help: loads the help for ng serve
ng serve -o: ng serve and open it inside a browser
ng new --help: loads the help for ng new command
ng lint: this run the command for linting. Linting is to make sure tha the code is following the standars
ng lint --help: help for linting
ng lint --format stylish: lint and format the output
ng lint --fix: lint and attemp to fix all problems
ng test: runs unit test with karma and jasmine
ne e2e: runs the application for end to end. It wil launch the browser for test. It uses protractor with angular
ng build: it builds the application. It builds the application on the dist folder
ng build --prod: it builds the application for production by minifying the files.
node -v: check the version of node
npm install -g @angular/cli: install angular cli globally on the machine
ng -v: display the angular cli version installed.


ng new applicationname: create an application
ng new applicationame --skip-install: create an application and skip installing it into npm
ng new my-app: generate a new application
ng new my-app --dry-run: don't write the files, but report them
new new my-app --skip-install: generate without running npm install
ng new my-app --style scss: styles should use sass
ng new my-app --prefix ma: set the default selector prefix
ng new my-app --skip-git : don't add the project to git
ng new my-app --skip-tests: don't generate the spec files
ng new my-app --routing: add a default routing module

ng set <property> <value>: 
examples: 
ng set defaults.styleExt scss
or
ng set defaults.styleExt scss -g: this is to install the setting globally

ng generate component mycomponent
ng generate service myservice
ng generate class myclass

ng generate component my component : generate component
--flat : does not create a folder for the component
--inline-template : does not generate an html file
--inline-style: does not generate a css file
--spec : true or false to generate spec file
--view-encapsulation: view encapsulation strategy
--change-detection: change deteaction strategy
--dry-run: report the files, but don't write them

ng generate directive --flat false: it generate a directive on its own folder. Directives don't have folders by default
ng generate service myservice -m app.module: it generate a service and it adds the service to the provider section of the app.module. 
By default services are not added to the provider section.

ng generate class myfolder/myclass: it creates a class inside myfolder and it creates myfolder if it does not exist.
ng generate interface
ng generate enum myenum
ng generate pipe mypipe
ng generate module login: generate a module

ng new anyproject --ng4: create angular project on angular 4
ng generate guard sampleguard


source map explorer is a tool to draw dependencies:
ng build
ng build --dev : build for development. Default
ng build --target=development : build for development. Default
ng build --prod : build for production
ng build --prod --env=prod: build for production and uses the production environment file
ng build --aot true: compile using ahead of time. Ahead of time is on by default when building for production


ng serve --port 3333 
ng serve --open

ng eject: this remove the cli and webpack from the project. The commands should then be run using npm instead of ng commands

ng test
ng test --code-coverage true: generate code coverage report (false)
ng test --single-rung true

ng e2e 
